Alai Hugh also proceeded and said bear
Alai Hugh also proceeded and said bear with me a little and I will show you
with me a little and I will show you
with me a little and I will show you that there are yet words to speak on
that there are yet words to speak on
that there are yet words to speak on God's behalf I will fetch my knowledge
God's behalf I will fetch my knowledge
God's behalf I will fetch my knowledge from afar I will ascribe righteousness
from afar I will ascribe righteousness
from afar I will ascribe righteousness to my maker for truly my words are not
to my maker for truly my words are not
to my maker for truly my words are not false one who is perfect in knowledge is
false one who is perfect in knowledge is
false one who is perfect in knowledge is with you behold god is my tea but
with you behold god is my tea but
with you behold god is my tea but despises no one he is mighty in strength
despises no one he is mighty in strength
despises no one he is mighty in strength of understanding he does not preserve
of understanding he does not preserve
of understanding he does not preserve the life of the wicked but gives justice
the life of the wicked but gives justice
the life of the wicked but gives justice to the oppressed he does not withdraw
to the oppressed he does not withdraw
to the oppressed he does not withdraw his eyes from the righteous but they are
his eyes from the righteous but they are
his eyes from the righteous but they are on the throne with kings for he has
on the throne with kings for he has
on the throne with kings for he has seated them forever and they are exalted
seated them forever and they are exalted
seated them forever and they are exalted and if they are bound in fetters held in
and if they are bound in fetters held in
and if they are bound in fetters held in the cords of affliction then he tells
the cords of affliction then he tells
the cords of affliction then he tells them their work and their transgressions
them their work and their transgressions
them their work and their transgressions that they have acted defiantly he also
that they have acted defiantly he also
that they have acted defiantly he also opens their ear to instruction and
opens their ear to instruction and
opens their ear to instruction and commands that they turn from iniquity if
commands that they turn from iniquity if
commands that they turn from iniquity if they obey and serve him they shall spend
they obey and serve him they shall spend
they obey and serve him they shall spend their days in prosperity and their years
their days in prosperity and their years
their days in prosperity and their years in pleasures but if they do not obey
in pleasures but if they do not obey
in pleasures but if they do not obey they shall perish by the sword and they
they shall perish by the sword and they
they shall perish by the sword and they shall die without knowledge but the
shall die without knowledge but the
shall die without knowledge but the hypocrites in heart store up wrath they
hypocrites in heart store up wrath they
hypocrites in heart store up wrath they do not cry for help when he binds them
do not cry for help when he binds them
do not cry for help when he binds them they die in youth and their life ends
they die in youth and their life ends
they die in youth and their life ends among the perverted persons he delivers
among the perverted persons he delivers
among the perverted persons he delivers the poor in their affliction and opens
the poor in their affliction and opens
the poor in their affliction and opens their ears in oppression indeed he would
their ears in oppression indeed he would
their ears in oppression indeed he would have brought you out of dire distress
have brought you out of dire distress
have brought you out of dire distress into a broad place where there is no
into a broad place where there is no
into a broad place where there is no restraint and what is set on your table
restraint and what is set on your table
restraint and what is set on your table would be full of richness but you are
would be full of richness but you are
would be full of richness but you are filled with the judgment do the wicked
filled with the judgment do the wicked
filled with the judgment do the wicked judgment and justice take hold of you
judgment and justice take hold of you
judgment and justice take hold of you because there is wrath beware lest he
because there is wrath beware lest he
because there is wrath beware lest he take you away with one blow for a large
take you away with one blow for a large
take you away with one blow for a large ransom would not help you avoid it
ransom would not help you avoid it
ransom would not help you avoid it will your riches or all the mighty
will your riches or all the mighty
will your riches or all the mighty forces keep you from distress do not
forces keep you from distress do not
forces keep you from distress do not desire the night when people are cut off
desire the night when people are cut off
desire the night when people are cut off in their place take heed do not turn to
in their place take heed do not turn to
in their place take heed do not turn to iniquity for you have chosen this rather
iniquity for you have chosen this rather
iniquity for you have chosen this rather than affliction behold God is exalted by
than affliction behold God is exalted by
than affliction behold God is exalted by his power who teaches like him who has
his power who teaches like him who has
his power who teaches like him who has assigned him his way or who has said you
assigned him his way or who has said you
assigned him his way or who has said you have done wrong
have done wrong
have done wrong remember to magnify his work of which
remember to magnify his work of which
remember to magnify his work of which men have some everyone has seen it man
men have some everyone has seen it man
men have some everyone has seen it man looks on it from afar behold god is
looks on it from afar behold god is
looks on it from afar behold god is great and we do not know him nor can the
great and we do not know him nor can the
great and we do not know him nor can the number of his years be discovered for he
number of his years be discovered for he
number of his years be discovered for he draws up drops of water which distill as
draws up drops of water which distill as
draws up drops of water which distill as rain from the mists which the clouds
rain from the mists which the clouds
rain from the mists which the clouds drop down and pour abundantly on man
drop down and pour abundantly on man
drop down and pour abundantly on man indeed can anyone understand the
indeed can anyone understand the
indeed can anyone understand the spreading of clouds the thunder from his
spreading of clouds the thunder from his
spreading of clouds the thunder from his canopy look he scatters his light upon
canopy look he scatters his light upon
canopy look he scatters his light upon it and covers the depths of the scene
it and covers the depths of the scene
it and covers the depths of the scene for by these he judges the peoples he
for by these he judges the peoples he
for by these he judges the peoples he gives food in abundance he covers his
gives food in abundance he covers his
gives food in abundance he covers his hands with lightning and commands it to
hands with lightning and commands it to
hands with lightning and commands it to strike his thunder declares it the
strike his thunder declares it the
strike his thunder declares it the cattle also concerning the rising storm